Hello and welcome back to the course on deep learning to do it well it's taxed out in cotters.
All right.
So here is a normal oughtnt quarter.
So what is a stacked out in car.
Well a stacked out and quarter is if we add another here and there into our outturn cutter and there
we go so we have two stages of encoding and one stage of decoding here.
And what he gets is a very very powerful algorithm.
In fact it's been shown that sometimes this this model can supersede the results that are achieved by
deep belief networks so D-B ends which we talked about previously and that's a very important breakthrough
because a DBMS and diamonds are a whole different type of model.
They're they're based on stacked restrict Boltzmann machines and research and bosomed machines are undirected
neural networks whereas stacked autoworkers are directed neural networks so it's it's very big breakthrough
that's stacked out in Kodos can sometimes supersede the results of the belief networks and a great paper
to look into on this topic is by Pascal Vincent and others it's called Stacked and the noise in our
encoders learning useful representations in a deep network with a local noise in criterion is quite
a large paper also has a banjo in it.
So your show banjo was one of the co-authors on this paper as well and it's it builds upon their 2008
paper which we have already referenced before.
So there you go I hope you enjoyed this journal and if you would like to learn more about stacked in
out callers and definitely this is this paper's a great place to start.
And I look forward to seeing you next time.
Until then enjoy the learning.